Given an array of numbers, verify whether it is the correct preorder traversal sequence of a binary search tree.

You may assume each number in the sequence is unique.

Consider the following binary search tree: 

     5
    / \
   2   6
  / \
 1   3
Example 1:

Input: [5,2,6,1,3]
Output: false
Example 2:

Input: [5,2,1,3,6]
Output: true


不会做不会做.....
直接贴solution   xz2210大佬的做法
THOUGHT: We first look at the property of preorder traversal:   
      we print left child’s value of current node all the way until we reached a leaf node (you will see numbers decreasing),
      then we start printing the value of a node (let it be rc) which is the right child of one of the nodes (let it be node p) we already traversed. 
      When do you know it's a right child node's value? It's when you see a value greater than the last one. Also,till here we know, 
      all the nodes in p’s left subtree have been read in the serialized array, and this property is maintained:

```left subtree ‘s value < p ’s value < rc’s value```
Since all the nodes whose value is smaller than p are already read, all the nodes’ value to be read after should have greater value than p’s value, 
so p’s value becomes the lower bound for any upcoming node.

```p ’s value < upcoming value in array```
Otherwise, it’s not valid. So the key here is to find the lower bound for upcoming nodes, which equals to find p.

To translate this into code: looking for the trend of numbers, if it’s decreasing, 
  it’s still traversing the left child node all the way down, we push the value into stack. 
  When we read a value greater than the last one, we know the current value belongs to a right node (let it be rc: right child) of one of the previous nodes (let it be p) we pushed to stack, 
  in other words, p is a parent node of the current node rc. Due to the property of preorder traversal,
  p’s value is pushed to stack before its left subtree nodes, so to find the parent node, we pop all the nodes in its left subtree, 
  and the last popped node whose value is smaller than rc is rc’s parent p, whose value becomes the lower bound. 
  Then we keep reading the serialized array, in any case we see any value not greater than the lower bound, we return false.
  Lower bound is updated whenever we read a right child node’s value.
  
  
  ```
class Solution:
    def verifyPreorder(self, preorder: List[int]) -> bool:
        stack, lower = [], -float('inf')
        for i in range(len(preorder)):
            if i>0 and preorder[i] < preorder[i-1]:
                if preorder[i] <= lower:
                    return False
                stack.append(preorder[i])
            else:
                while stack and preorder[i] > stack[-1]:
                    lower = stack.pop()
                stack.append(preorder[i])
        return True
```
